Ah you you killed my son
You lunatic
You killed my son
So handsome
It's finally quiet
Good senior sister, let Xueyao go
I can give you the red willow tree as a place for supper.
Now that you've recognized me
I don't have to hide my identity anymore
That's right, I came back this time to ask for the book of living people
I heard that the immortal put the book of living people
Passed on to you
You give me the living book now
I let go of your little wife and I can give it to you
Go by yourself
Hahahahaha
I finally got the fire and threw in the towel
Night supper, you dare to lie to me
Great, supper, run away, then you're catching up again
Wait a minute, run, what are you waiting for?